1
NAUGHTY ARLETTE AKA THE ROMANTIC AGE
Back to the nursery
Hunger and misery
Peace and austerity
Oh what a night
It's nice to see you again ladies back
Thank you Withers,just to be back, holidays are too jolly short
They just fly
Surely you have or you will be late for the assembly
He's right,better drop balance and bail out our boats
It's all right,Withers,she's crazy on boats
Boats and boys without you
You bet without you and with me
New girls,report to my room,please
I say,did you managed to bring home what I wanted from Paris?
I'm terribly sorry,Daddy run out of Francs on Easter Monday
Had to flog petrol coupons
I've got lots to tell you
"Mens sana in corpore sano"
Sound mind in a sound body
Talking to yourself,it's the first time going potty
Wait till you see his picture,he has a cute little cutter
A what?
Cutter,a sailboat with two sails,stupid
I thought you meant Miss Darsham
Well,come along
Au revoir,Norah,half term won't be long,you know
-Good bye,darling -Good bye
Sheila Jones is a very sweet girl
Just one thing more,Matron,I'm very anxious about Joan catching so many colds
That's all right,Mrs Wheeler, I'll se that she doesn't
and now if you please
You must insist her to continue to wear her warm underwear
spring can be very treacherous,you know
Suffering cats
What did you say dear?
I say,Patricia,we can't stop now,got to see Matron
-Have you seen this? -What
-About new teacher -What about it?
It's a him
Him? You don't think to say a Masters is coming to Littleton
Not coming.According to this,he is here
Miss Emilia Lightfoot having resigned
Literature and Art will now be taken by Mr Arnold Dickson
Doctor of Literature,Bachelor of Arts
Do you think he is a Bachelor too or only of Arts?
Isn't it funny
He's probably as dull as ditch water
The only men they ever allow in this place, have warts on their noses and bald heads
They say that Masters are much more severe
Not.My sister who is at Wallingham says they are much nicer
And you can do as you like
That's depends upon what you like to do
I wonder how old he is?
What does it meant there would be to you. They are all the same
Some squeak,some growl,some low
But at heart
They are all very small boys
She should know
All girls in the assembly hall
I suppose that where we would hear it
Arlette Tesserau,think of that hat
Sit down,girls
I hope you all enjoyed your Easter Holidays
and benefited by them
and that you are now ready to put the maximum effort
into your works and games this term
I've asked you to come here this afternoon for a special reason
although the Summer term has not started officially until tomorrow morning
Miss Lightfoot,as you know
resigned at the end of last term to take up a position abroad
And as Littleton is a modern, and I hope a progressive finishing school
We decided,as those of you who have looked at the notice board
will have seen already, to introduce a Master here in Miss Lightfoot's place
To teach Literature and History of Art
We have been exceedingly fortunate
in securing the services of a very distinguished scholar
who is well known as the author of several books on the old Masters
Those of you who studied Italian art last term
should certainly know his book about Botticelli
I sincerely hope that everyone of you
will take the fullest advantage of his teaching
and accord him your wholehearted co-operation
Mr Arnold Dickson
Ladies and Gen..
I'm sorry
Young ladies I don't propose to make a speech
I only want to thank you for the welcome that you have given me
It's going to be a new experience for me to teach girls
just as it is going to be a new experience for you
-A bit pocket -A bit pompous
But be that as it may
I see no reasons why we should not get on very well together
Nor do I,sweetie pie
What a pity,he is not a chef, that's what needed here
I hope you enjoy the subjects
the lives and works of the great painters and poets and authors
If changed the whole life would
Is a profoundly absorbing studies
I can only say in conclusion, that I'm looking forward to my work here
and I wish you all a happy and successful term
He would be better without glasses
But half of me is sleeping
You,you love him already,you
Oh,yes,you'll see
He is my father
-Good Afternoon -Good Afternoon
-Hello,Mummy -Hello,Helen,Darling
I see my rival for your affections turned up
No damage I hope
Other than a scratch on the back leg
But the men swear they didn't do it
Oh,who aren't doing that,there are some inches of scratches, which are new one,Mummy
That's for the Lady want to know
Oh dear,I do hope you two aren't(inaudible)
But,dear,I'm still unpacking
Mummy,it's a lovely school,you should have heard the way the girls clapped Daddy
And so they should
Julie,dear,go and put the potatoes on,will you?
Right away
And Julie,while you are there
open a tin of baked beans there, if you could find the tin opener
Righto
Righto,righto
Say very well anything you like but not righto
Sounds like a butcher boy
OK
OK.All comes from see too many films
Do you want the plinth in here,Madam?
Yes,that'll be all right
How did it go?
Oh,all right.Miss Hallam introduced me and I did a few words for them
Short and I hope to the point and they applauded politely
And you were scared stiff
Absolutely petrified
Here is my chair
This is a nice little place
I think I can be happy here
I,the same thing,I have it already
Thank you,darling
A week the old lady been out for fair weather
and now with summer on the way she has to go inside
Will you hung it up for me,Daddy, somewhere near the front door?
Yes,later on,after dinner
You would have laughed,Mummy
if you heard the girls remarks,when we saw Daddy's name on the notice board
Wondering whether he was going to be liked
Now they know
The girl next to me at assembly said that he did better without glasses
What impudence without my glasses,Julie
You know I think I agree with her
I've said it more than once
What else did she say?
Nothing.Oh, something about you being half a sleep,I don't know what she meant
Anyway I'm telling tales out of school
Arnold.Do you think this is the best way for the piano?
Yes I should think so.There is no room anywhere else,is there?
Do play something,Mummy
Oh darling,I am much too tired
Besides my hands are absolutely filthy
How many pupils are you going to have in Littleton?
Miss Hallam said I could take three, the most advanced of course
I might be able to get some more on a condition basis
You want to save a set?
Sit next to me
There is already someone sitting next to you
Will you please move up there?
But I sat here last term
Now please don't move for me, I'm only a new girl
Won't you for Mr Dickson's stool pigeon?
I hope you don't mind
Please don't make difficulty because of my father
It's all right ,you won't be
What is Arlette doing sitting with this new girl?
She's the old boy's daughter
I always thought something could(inaudible)this
-Good Morning -Good Morning
Sit down please
Now I have here a list with all your names
I think the best way for me to get to know you
is for you to tell me your names,when you answer my questions
I understand from Miss Hallam
your are accustomed to being called by your christian names
As I have been teaching boys recently
I shall find that rather difficult to remember first
One thing I should like to make quite clear
I expect you to keep order and discipline in class
not make me have to enforce it
And I hope you won't take advantage of the fact that I can't use the same
discipline methods with use for members of the opposite sex
I'm sure if we understand each other from the beginning
we'll all get on very well
I like him
I believe that last term
you began to studying the lives of the early 19th century poets
So you will already realize how closely those lives
if not their actual work are related to each other
This term I propose to continue with Shelley
I wonder how old he is
Will you repeat that question,please
Now if any of you have any questions will you please stand up
First of all what is your name
Ivy Morris
I really wondered how old Shelley was
If you mean at the time of his death he was 29
My age is quite irrelevant
You all studied Leigh Hunt last term
so you should recall the tragic circumstances of Shelley's untimely death
He was returning home..
Was it when Shelley crossed the bay in an open sailing boat
at 2' 10" bow topsail rig to welcome Leigh Hunt to Italy?
Yes but to be more precise
it was after he had a week's visit with Leigh Hunt in Pisa
He and his friend Williams were sailing home across the bay
and they were never seen alive again
Byron named the boat Don Juan
Don Juan,hm,hm
What's your name?
Arlette Tesserau
T-E-S-S-E-R-A-U
Stand up when you speak to me,please
-You're French? -Oui,Monsieur
In my study at the end of the corridor
you'll find a pile of Shelley books, go and get them for me,will you
You expect me to fetch your books for you?
I thought that gentlemen fetch things for a lady,not the other way about
No,the pupil fetches things for her Master
Hurry up
Come in
I checked all the health certificates, they are in order
Thank you,Miss Sankey
Isn't Mrs Dickson a beautiful pianist?
I wonder how Mr Dickson is getting on with his first lesson
No doubt most constructive for all concerned
What are you implying,Miss Sankey?
I don't think it is right
that a man should be thrown in amongst a lot of young girls
Thrown in,am I to believe you feel there is something immoral about it?
I admit I had my misgivings about the experiment,Miss Hallam
In the past whenever a visiting Master is come to the school
a chaperone has always been present at the lessons
In the case of a Music Master giving a private lesson,yes
but Mr Dickson position is quite different
and I want the girls to learn to accept him
as a resident member of the staff,one of ourselves
Who will,so to speak,sharing their daily life and interests
It's up to you,of course Miss Hallam, but isn't he rather young?
Come,come,Sankey,however susceptible schoolgirls may be
Mr Dickson is a serious and studious married man
with his own daughter in the school
Married,yes,but what kind of a woman
an ex professional pianist
who dresses more like a filmmaker's than a school teacher's wife
I'm sure your fears are quite unfounded
I sincerely hope so,we shall see
Shelley was a great reformer
he was passionately resolved to try improve the existing conditions of mankind
Perhaps no poet has ever fired with such genuine inspiration
Leigh Hunt once described him as..
Sir,which is Leigh Hunt's most famous poem?
I suppose one of the best known
you'll find in most of the anthologies is called "Jenny kiss'd Me"
What's your name?
Jenny
Born in 1792 when the French revolution was at its height
he grew up at a time when the Prince Regent was..
What's your name?
All right,you may swallow first
Now tell me your name
Bessie Spendlow
This isn't a cafeteria
I know
Haven't you had any breakfast?
Yes,but I never get enough to eat
As our time is nearly out,you'll be able to finish your meal outside
I hope our next lesson will be less interrupted
The preparation I suggest you write a summary of all I said this morning
All I have said that is the subject of Shelley
Arlette
I didn't give you permission to go
The bell is rung
Yes I know I heard it
Sit down,please
Thank you,you may go now
Arlette
I'm sorry
I thought you said your father was always in a good temper
He's really terribly kind and sweet
It is just in school he insists on discipline
And out of school?
You would love him,really you would
But I think he hates me
Rubbish.You must come to our house one day and see him properly
Properly? Oh,no
But you must come to my house one Sunday,next Sunday?
Yes
-We are friends -Of course
Good
There is one girl,a french girl
This is to be handled rather carefully
She was a boy the remedy be obvious and simple
A good sound spanking
She is conceited and spoiled
Ultra sophisticated,or try to be
All together,a rather disturbing influence
On the class I mean
-What's her name? -Arlette
Arlette Tesserau
She has been very kind to me
I was talking to your mother
Yes I know,I didn't mean to interrupt but
Arlette is really a rather nice girl, and she is from Paris
That's no excuse for being impertinent
I don't think she is the kind of a girl I like you to be friends with
Do you mean you don't want me even to speak to her?
No I didn't say that
I just said that I didn't want you to make a close friend with her
It would be rather interesting to know what this Arlette thinks about you
I think he is an insufferable vain, spoilt stupid boring,badly dressed
and that mustache,those glasses, nobody would think he is wonderful
because he is can never attract another girl
but he'll see,I'll show him
I'll back him against you any time
Then you would lose
I'll put my money on Arlette,there is no holding once she gets under way
Is there Arlette?
I have never seen it
Our Arnold is a tougher proposition
than any pimpley schoolboy who would fall for anything
I don't waste my talent on pimpley schoolboys,as you call them
And I can see that Monsieur Dickson
though he doesn't know it,is just the real vignette of romantic age
She has got something there
Middle age.When a man stops trying to dodge temptations
and starts checking up if he is missed any
I always been told that the quickest way to a man's heart is through his stomach
Bessie,don't you ever think of anything but food
I could easily twist him around my little finger,if I wanted to
Then try it
Perhaps I will
In the meantime Mr Dickson is quite oblivious to your charm or your existence
He is not
Then if he isn't it is simply because he dislikes you intensely
And I dislike you intensely
I can assure you the feeling is mutual
And whatever have I done to you?
If you really want to know and I think you are just a..
Arlette wins by 5 points
Arlette Tesserau fences well, don't you think?
Not bad at all,her catch is better than her defense though
You are interested in fencing,Mr Dickson?
I used to be a long time ago
You criticize my defense?
But you can't contest it.Perhaps you can give me a hint or two
No I'm afraid
Or don't be afraid
No,no,I suppose I'm afraid my fencing days are over
All right,come on
I won't make it too difficult for you,Mr Dickson
En garde
I'm sorry about the interruption
Not at all
His fencing days are over
Who I got to thank for the flowers?
Can you stand up,please
So I see
Thank you very much
You can all sit down
Arlette
Yes,Mr Dickson
I am sorry,I forgot to stand up
That's all right,why are you late?
I found I had a ladder in my stocking so I went upstairs to change it
You seem singularly unlucky with ladders,don't you?
Find out about the book I want,in my room
you'll find a book called "Art in the Renaissance",go and get it for me,will you
With pleasure,Mr Dickson
To go along where we left off last time
Michelangelo was only 24 years old when he created
what is perhaps the most moving
the most spiritual overture and most beautiful of all his works
Pieta
Quiet
I am so sorry
I didn't know
Why did you bring it into the class in the first place?
Because when we break at 11 o'clock there is a talk on the home service
How to control your temper in trying circumstances
As I was saying..
There must be something wrong with the switch
Put that in my study at once
I wouldn't say she exerted a particularly good influence over the the other girls
She seems to resent discipline
Her mother died when Arlette was very small
she's been neglected and been very much on her own
She has probably being spoiled
She has and surrounded with material luxury
Her father is Jacques Tesserau
Oh,the art dealer
He has a large house in London but spends most of his time abroad
And Arlette has met the strangest Continentals
You see, Tesserau is an entirely self made man
He has this uncanny flair for antiques which has brought him a fortune
And he is clever enough
to want his daughter to acquire at least some of the education he lacks himself
I see
So Arlette is now handed on to us
And I feel we must do what we can do to help her
Try and make allowances for her,Mr Dickson
Of course,I'll do my very best
I'm sure you'll do,I'm sure she'll respond to you
and if she doesnt improve
and you still think that I should have a talk with her,well I'll gladly do so
Thank you so much,Miss Hallam
I hope I shan't bother you again
-Nice day,Miss Euston -It is
All right,Mummy,I'll go
-Hello -Hello
Hello Patricia
How much have you managed to practice this week?
Only two hours a day,I'm afraid,Mrs Dickson
And one hour of that devoted to scales and exercises
There is awful pieces and exercises,how my hands ache
I know especially your little fingers
I think we have some tea before we get started
Thank you
Hi,Pat I have been invited to Arlette's house on Sunday,have you been asked?
No fear of that.We are as about friendly as a snake and a mongoose
I don't know really why she asked me
You are going to?
She lives in Mayfair,I looked up the street in the guide book
No I don't want particularly to go
especially after that awful radio business in class
I can't make her up,Pat
She is beastly to Daddy and she asks me to her party
If I refuse to go it might make things even more awkward for Daddy
I can see that
She might think you are taking side
I do think I ought to try defend each after Daddy's sake
Does he knows that she has asked you?
No I am not going to tell him
Ghee,what a place
Miss Arlette is expecting you, you come upstairs
How lovely to have a millionaire as a father
Is he a millionaire? A real one?
I do not know how real but you can't run a place like this on peanuts
This way please
It's a really lovely house
It reminds me of some place
I've got it, a lady's restroom in Radio Cinema
Hello,mes enfants,you are early, I haven't finished dressing yet
What will you drink?
Drink what you like
Let me see
Grand Marnier
I'd rather drink tea,Arlette, if you don't mind
Tea? How English.But for good. You are the Professor's daughter
Good Afternoon,Hedges is Monsieur Tesserau at home?
No,Sir,he is in Paris,we don't expect him back until tomorrow night
It doesn't matter I just want to collect a little Picasso
Yes,that little picture he left for you upstairs
Is Miss Arlette at home?
Just for the weekend,Sir
she is entertaining some of her school friends to tea
I write a note for Monsieur Tesserau
Don't bother Hedges,I know my way
Yes Sir
Are there your brothers?
Brothers? I have no brothers
These are all silly young men who think they are in love with me
They amuse me
Perhaps they really are in love with you
No.Then they would no longer be amusing
But your lips are terrible,you have no lipstick on,come here
I never use lipsticks
Then you must start.Sit still
You have nice lips,you know
Doesn't your father like red lips?
I don't know,he would like me
Perhaps he'll change his mind anyhow
Who knows?
Girls come over here
Watch.I'm turning this child into a woman
That's more akin to turn a row boat into a yacht
She will learn
First you must look different, people behave how they look
She looks jolly attractive anyway
Maybe it is inherited Arlette
Wonder why you said that
Now what do you think of yourself,Miss Dickson
I look like someone else
Yes
Dead Arlette you never was there..
La,la,la
Henri .And who said you could come in here?
You did my sweet I knocked and you said yes
or does your yes mean no
No
No so often means yes
Will you please give this to your father when you see him
Arlette.Won't you introduce me?
This is Henri Sinclair. A friend of my father
He is not to be trusted
Jenny Jill Virginia
Ivy Avice
Charmante
How is the baby?
Julie,she is my promised debutante
Her father is the new master
You have a master?
Exactly
The fellow has my deepest sympathy
Julie,what does this tune reminds you?
A very cross Daddy,he should laugh more your father
He is much too serious
But he is not only in school
But I have only seen him in school so far
Come Ivy let's dance
I am afraid I am not a very good dancer
I don't know any steps
It's only the first step which is a bit tricky the rest just a question of rhythm
Yes that's what my mother says
Your mother,she has taught you the importance of rhythm?
Oh,yes she is a marvelous pianist
Oh,I see
You like music?
I love all the arts,I'm a painter
Dad has written books about pictures and painters
His daughter would make a lovely portrait
I have a studio in Chelsea, would you come and sit for me?
I don't often come to London, only with Mummy on holidays
It's you I want to paint not your mummy
I am in the telephone book, my name is Henri Sinclair
Sinclair you know,S-I-N-C-L-A-I-R
Why are you so restless,darling?
I'm worried about Julie
She will be home in a moment
She would be home and in bed hours ago
Why? An evening out with the girls would do her good
Besides she is growing up,you know
Yes,but it is too late when she going to get up early in the morning
I think I hear them
All right I'll go
Hi,Julie
Hello,daddy
Please don't catch a cold
Hello,mummy
Enjoyed yourself,dear?
Yes,thanks,mummy,certainly a wonderful house
Whose house was it?
Arlette's
Or rather her father's
You didn't tell me she was going to the Tesserau
I said she was going to a party given of one of the girls
which is perfectly true
but you seem to have taken such an aversion to this Arlette
Aversion? You mean you think I am prejudiced
I knew she is difficult in school
You thought I was unreasonable
So you let Julie go without telling me
You don't know this girl,Helen, I do
She is not a proper friend for Julie
Daddy,now you are being unfair, which is not a bit like you
I'm not being unfair I'm only thinking what is good for you
What's all that stuff in your face?
Nothing only a little powder,we were just playing about with Arlette's makeup,Daddy
What's wrong with little make up anyway?
You are too young,that's all
What sort of a party was it?
I'm quite sure it was enough to it
I ask Julie
What sort of a party was this?
It was a disgusting orgy,of course
I've never met her like this before
I have a word with that Tesserau girl in the morning
I've never known you like this before
I suggest we forget the whole thing
I'm for bed
I leave you to lock up
Sorry we had a row
I'm sorry I went to Arlette's
I'll promise I wont go again
Friends again?
Better pals
Julie,what have you been drinking?
Cocktails
Cocktails?
Only two
I am not old fashioned
but I hate the thought of someone of your age coming home smelling of drink
It's not wrong but it..
Don't you think it is time Julie went to sleep,Arnold?
I think she is asleep
My daughter Julie
I believe you asked her to your home last night?
I'm afraid I must ask you not to do that again
I understand.Is that all?
Yes,that's all
Why do you hate me,Master
I don't hate you,I don't hate anyone
But you will not not even let Julie be my friend
Can't you see Julie is a lot younger than you are
If not in actual years in experience
That you think she is too young
to go out and drink cocktails when you make them?
Please,Arlette
I'm sorry,Mr Dickson
But yesterday,and then although I am very bad and very idle in my work
But it isn't all my fault
If I thought your work I was talking about it
The way you behave
Please be a little patient with me
Mr Dickson,I'll promise to be better in the future
I'm sure you will
I don't like having to talk to you like this
It will be the last time
You must please help me
You see I've been not very much at school
I was ill alone
I am sorry
Can we start again? From now?
All right,from now
I'm sorry
I'm so foolish and silly
Never foolish and silly to talk things over patiently
I think we will understand each other better from now on
You are very good
And kind,Monsieur
Can you file for me Patricia?
Thank you
On the whole I was very pleased with the essays
Particularly of those of Eileen and Jill
Where is Arlette Tesserau today. Late this morning?
She went home this weekend and didn't come back
I see,thank you
She wasn't well on Saturday morning
She told me it was owing to her heart,same sickness
I'm sorry to hear that
We got a lot of garn to cover this morning,so let us get on with it
One of the contemporaries of Michelangelo was Tizian
You are very good and kind,Monsieur
Very good and kind,Monsieur
He was taken to Venice by his father, where he studied under Giovanni Bellini
One of his fellow students there and his friend was Giorgione
And when Giorgione died in 1511 Tizian finished some of his pictures for him
Daddy
Daddy
Who is that speaking?
Oh,Mr Dickson
I am afraid that Miss Arlette is not well enough to come to the telephone
Is there any message?
Yes,Sir,I'll tell her
Mr Dickson was on the telephone
You did tell him I was ill?
Yes,Miss
What did he say?
He said he was sorry that you were not enjoying good health
and he wished you a speedy recovery
Hedges!
Yes,Miss
My father wonderfully,told to ring him there quickly? Quickly
I've something I want him to do for me
Quickly
Continental lines,please
I want to speak to Paris Passy 3721
Thank you
Btw Miss Hallam had a request from Arlette Tesserau's father
He is very anxious
she shan't behind of our work because she has to stay at home
What does he want?
He wants me to give her private tuition until she gets back to Littleton
He is very keen on her to get a fellow eduction in Art
The eduction I gather from Miss Hallam that he lacks himself
He probably wants her to help him in his art business when she leaves school
Yes,still I don't relish the idea
of going to London two or three evenings a week
There's an excellent train service
every half hour and a bus from here and 10 minutes to the station
I bet they are going to capering you, knowing Arlette
Yes,of course the money would be useful,wouldn't it?
It certainly would
Miss Arlette is waiting for you in her sitting room,Sir
Thank you,how is she this evening?
Much better now
Mr Arnold Dickson
Good Evening
Good Evening,Mr Dickson
I'm so sorry I can't stand up but I'm feeling so very weak
I'm sorry to hear that
Sit down,please
This must be an awful bother for you
but you see my father insisted
No bother at all
I shouldn't have told him how clever you are
and how much you have taught me already
No,I felt very guilty when you strained your heart fencing
must be that afternoon when we were..
Perhaps,you can never tell what will happen with the heart
No,I suppose not
Since you've been away we..
Thank you for phone message
I wanted to find out how you were
As I was saying
Since you've been away we got on to Leonardo da Vinci
And I think the best thing we can do this evening
is to try and catch up on as much as lost time as possible
I quite agree
And then next time I come we can get on with the poets
You know
Away from school you look so different
Different?
Not so stern much,much younger
Come on,please,you mustn't waste time
No,I don't want to waste time
but
but what?
Why do you wear those funny spectacles?
They are not even round ones
You would be quite good looking without them
I wear them because I need them
Do stop making personal remarks, we'll get on with our work,come on
Well,dear,any news?
No
Where are your glasses?
In my pocket
Put them on,straining your eyes
You know,I read an article the other day by an oculist
He said the more you use glasses, the more you need them
It strengthens the eyes to leave them off
What a funny idea
I do no want need glass I wouldn't bother I should have thought
Julie,you'd better hurry,time is getting on, and you too,Arnold
By jove,yes
Come on,Julie darling,let's go
-Bye,darling -Good Bye
Come in
Good Evening
Good Evening
Where are your glasses?
What?
I dropped them on the bathroom floor
most annoying,you can't get a new pair for months nowadays
In the mean time you cannot see anything?
I can see quite a bit really
Can you?
How are you this evening?
Not very well
in fact I do not think I can concentrate on the lesson at all
I am sorry to hear that,well I needn't have come,really then
-Cigarette? -No,I only smoke a pipe at home
I think pipes are so unpractical
It's funny you Englishmen are so prosaic
and yet you can have such great poets like Shelley
I love Shelley,I've been reading him preparing for a lesson,you know
That's good
Before you go can you read the best of his poems?
You read so well,and when I read it to myself
I cannot always understand him
And I shall really see if you can read it without your spectacles
"The fountains mingle with the river And the rivers with the Ocean,
The winds of Heaven mix for ever With a sweet emotion;
Nothing in the world is single; All things by a law divine
in one spirit meet and mingle.
Why not I with thine?"
Yes that was published by Leigh Hunt in 1819
But there is one more verse, I will read it to you
And you can correct my English,will you?
"See the mountains kiss high Heaven And the waves clasp one another
No sister-flower would be forgiven If it disdained its brother;
And the sunlight clasps the earth And the moonbeams kiss the sea:
What is all this kissing's worth If thou kiss not me?"
Yes,you read very well
If we are not going to have this lesson
I think I had better going I can catch an earlier train
I mustn't tire you if you are not feeling well
I will see you to the door
Don't bother,please
Arlette?
You are all right?
What happened?
Should I get you a doctor?
No,I shall be quite all right in a moment
Please stay with me a few minutes
Of course I will
I want to come back to school very soon
I am so much lonely here
-Hello,Arlette -Hello
We like to hear all about it and all the low down about the private lessons
Was it busy private with the chucked spectacles?
Did you have a hand in that?
Of course,and it is only the first thing he is going to throw all aboard
It is nice to see you back again,Arlette
I'm glad to be back ,Julie
I've missed so much,haven't I, Mr Dickson?
No,I don't think you missed very much
See you in class,Arlette
You're really better?
Thank you,I feel wonderful now
You look wonderful
And you,Mr Dickson,you look very smart
if you will forgive me a personal remark this time
My publishers attested another book of mine
I thought I deserved a new suit
I am glad,and I'm sure you earned it
You work so hard and so seriously
Are you taking time off to come to Patricias hunt this afternoon?
It is such a lovely day
Yes I promised Miss Hallam I'll try get along
But surely you are not going for hunting?
Very strenuous,you know
I know not if you find that you share in the end
I will be late for class
Lovely day
Makes one feel quite young again
None the less time marks you inexorable on
Come on girls,move on
All are back now except Arlette, Virginia,Bridget and Jenny
Maureen coming I think
I'll see if I can find them
Where is Mr Dickson going?
Gone to look for Miss Tesserau I expect
And you better go with him
Arlette is on her way back, she is with Jenny
Well if she is with Jenny,that is all right
Arlette
Arlette
Arlette
-At last -All right
I lost my shoe and sprained my ankle
You must be wet through
Not so much, I found this hut
And I found you
Mr Dickson,I am so glad you come
I could never have got back
We ought to start back at once
But I cannot walk
You will have to carry me
All right,put this on
Dear,I hope they are not ruined
Just look at these shoes,I think they could be written off as dead loss
I hope you don't play Sir Galahad too often
Comes expensive
It's not my fault the wretched girl got stranded,is it?
All right,didn't even smack my head off
What a pleasant perfume
I told you I had to carry her back to the coach
I'll go and get these pressed
You need not so horribly guilty,dear
Darling,don't clean those shoes all over the carpet
What are you looking at me like that for?
I wasn't looking at you
I was miles away
Do you see what I see?
What's going on?
Perhaps he's trying keep Arlette also made of stone
Do you think he has fallen for her?
Fallen? Well if he has
he'll come down with a big bang when he finds out it was only a joke
If the joke hasn't gone too fast
We meet,we kiss, we part
What's all this talk about love?
Is it such a great tragedy?
For me it was pleasant amusing, yes but now I want to forget
That won't be easy
Why not?
Because to me to any rate this is
This is real
What was real yesterday is not real today
And will not be real tomorrow
I don't understand you
Arlette
Don't.You are hurting me
I think Julie's technique is improving,don't you?
It ought to,if she practices often enough
She is doing only her usual scales
Is it real only enough?
Not what you thought
All right,don't make it easier of it, Julie is practicing from scales,all right
I'll go on when she is finished
I'm sorry I didn't mean it down the floor
Julie,you better stop now
Go and have your bath
Sorry,Daddy
I'll come down and say Good Night before I go to bed
For heaven's sake
Stop that dreadful row
Helen
Leave me alone
I'm taking me off on the piano
-Have you got off your head? -Have you?
This fell out off one of your pupil's books
Well,it is,it is just a silly joke
Silly,yeah,joke not
It's pretty obvious that somebody
but although you don't consider Arlette Tesserau a fit friend for Julie
you find her company congenial enough
If you want to make you a fool of yourself,go ahead
I gave up my career to marry you, and I can always go back to it
Don't worry about me or Julie
Helen
Forget us, but for heavens sake, think about yourself
Arnold,remember your career, your books, your position
Don't let a ridiculous scandal ruin everything you worked for?
I wonder if those things are very important anyway
Not as important,apparently
as philandering with a girl, not much older than Julie
If the consequences won't so seriously, it would be laughable
Helen
Come in will you?
I want to talk to you and I'll come straight to the point
Mrs Dickson,if you've heard any stupid gossip there is nothing in it
Of course,there is nothing in it, how could there be?
-Why could there not be? -Why?
You're only a child
I'm not a child,I'm 18
And I can assure you,Mrs Dickson, that I'm not interested in your husband
You should not fear
Fear?
What a foolish girl you are
I go about with him,you know,if I wanted to
Go about with him?
If I wanted to
My dear child,do you really believe a man
of his abilities and perception
could possibly be serious about a silly little girl like you?
Now
You go back to school
You know I really should put you across my knee
and give you a good spanking
The way she spoke to me, I'll never forgive her,never,never
Did she bear down on you on four sails?
She said that I was a child and threatened to give me a good spanking
How dreadfully funny
She's a fool.She has made a great mistake
But I bet you gave her Arnold the cold shoulder from now on
I had intended to but now
Now what?
The wife should never underestimate another woman
I will prove how quickly I can take her dear Arnold from her
When I really try
He wants to keep his shop open till midnight
or all nights for that matter,like they do in New York, I say you should be allowed
Have you any cigarettes?
Yes,Sir,I think I could manage to find you twenty
Thank you very much
There we are,Sir
Giving up your the pipe now?
Just for a change,you know
Well as I was saying,Sir,I'm a great believer in private enterprise
It was private enterprise that built up the empire
Look her,I must go now,Good Afternoon
Good Afternoon,Sir
As I was saying,Miss Emmer..
Julie wanted you to have this
Thank you
Afraid I couldn't get back on an earlier train
I hope remember to bring her a little present..
I have to give her some money I..
I was so busy all day today I didn't have time to do anything
I called your publisher's office to remind you,they said you weren't there
And had no appointment
You've been with that girl,haven't you?
Yes,I have
I was going to tell you anyway
We've always been such friends,you and I,Helen
I can't stand all this lying and deceit
I'd rather do anything which isn't hurting you and Julie
Anything but give her up
Does she imagines she is in love with you?
I don't know
If she isn't,why do she want to go and see me all the time?
And you?
You have returned
You haven't eaten my piece of birthday cake yet,you are mean
In fancy having taking you up to see your wretched publisher today,of all days
We had a lovely party
That's right,now you stop it
What don't you say it? I am a bad husband and a rotten father
Mr Dickson is it?
Anything wrong,Sir?
No,I just left some rather important notes on my desk
Come inside,Sir
I'll put the lights on in the hall room so you can find them
There you are,Sir,all yours
Let's see
They don't seem to be here
I think I must have left them on either Miss Hopper or Miss Tesserau prep book
That's right,I remember now,I was interrupted
Could you get them for me,Withers?
The young ladies will be upstairs by now,I expect,Sir
But like chattering for another hour,I'll see if I can find them
Thank you
Look,how did you get in here? Come on,out you go
Out
Close the door
I was hoping you come down,I have to see you
What is it?
My wife knows
Knows what?
About us
I had to tell her
Oh,Arnold
I can't go back there tonight
My darling
We must get away right away from this place
Let us go to Paris on Monday,I will arrange reservations on the Golden Arrow
I will arrange everything
Do not worry
I shall count every moment until Monday
Oh,Arnold
Paris
It will be heavens
Hello
Hello,yes,Mrs Dickson
Good Evening,Miss Hallam. I'm afraid he isn't in yet
No,I want to speak to him personally
He is not at home,and Mrs Dickson sounds very distraught
Of course he is not at home
Could I give him a message for you?
I
I don't know I
I don't foresee it will be very late
Yes,I..
I tell him in front
Gosh it was lovely,in the water and underneath
What's the matter,Julie?
Nothing,Pat,I'm fine
Don't fib.Have you been crying?
No,I take it is because of swimming
Swimming my fault
Come on tell me all about it
It's just that,I think I'll be leaving Littleton soon
And I have loved it here
Leave it? But why?
Because my father
He left the house,Pat
Don't reveal a word,will you?
No
Of course not
Oh Julie,has it really come to that?
We've always been so happy,we three
Perhaps he has just lost his head
They always say
it is serious sort of men most likely to fall for pretty girls
I wish there was something I could do
Pat
Has your sister got an evening dress?
I expect so why?
Well do you think you will she will lend it to me?
I could ask her
Supposing I wrote a letter with my left hand
do you think anyone would recognize my writing?
I shouldn't think so. Julie,you've gone crazy?
No,but I think there is something I can do
-Henri -Yes,dear
When are you going to paint me?
Tomorrow,darling
And how is Arlette?
Enjoying life in her own way
Don't we all
And how is Arlette's latest conquest?
Someone old enough to be her own father
Another scalp for her collection,it's all very tedious
-Henri -Yes,dear
When are you going to paint me?
The day after tomorrow
What the heck!
I'm terribly sorry I spilled my drink
I'm soaked
That's nothing,come on, lie down and keep quiet
-Henri -Yes,Jenny
When are you going to paint me?
Next week,next week
What's your explanation of this?
Why can't I have some fun
Listen,I'm your father and I..
You were my father
Apparently it is not the first time you've been to a party like this
I even had anonymous letters about it
giving me the address and telling how to see it for myself
You came and saw your only daughter
heading for moral disaster,is that it?
Must be in the family
Julie,how dear you talk to me like that
And where do you meet these horrible people anyway?
At Arlette's.And Arlette is due here,Arlette
I think she is too young to go out and drink cocktails and use make up
Please Arlette
I'm sorry,Mr Dickson
I don't think she is the kind of girl I like her to be friends with
No,the pupil fetches things for her master
She is weary and spoiled
Ultra sophisticated
Arnold,remember your career
Or your position
don't let a ridiculous scandal ruin everything you worked for
Does she imagine she was in love with you
Love,we meet you speak up and so is this talk about love
To me it's serious
It's real
What is real yesterday is not real today
It will not be real tomorrow
Not to be real tomorrow
What did you say?
I was listening to myself
I want you to promise you won't go any more parties like that
I'll promise
I don't want any more anonymous letters
That was the first and the last
I wrote it
With my left hand
What?
I wrote that letter
This dress belongs to Patricia's sister
Make up is Mummy's
Something had to be done
I won't see her again,I promise
Let's go home,Daddy
All right
First I must go and tell Arlette
Come in
Arnold
What is this visit so late?
Has anything happened?
You look so upset
I've come to say good bye
Good Bye?
Oh,Good Bye
Oh,no.It is not true
You can't leave me
Try and understand,my darling
You can't do this to me now
I've been so happy packing all my things, thinking about you and I together
I know,I know but
Listen to me and do, don't try to understand
If we went away together
I couldn't make you happy because there will always be a shadow between us
You can't run away from your responsibilities,it is as easy as that
You can runaway from me easily though
No it is not easy,I think it is the hardest thing I've ever done
I hate myself for hurting you but
I'll hate myself even more if I run out
I don't think you would come back to Littleton,don't you?
No,I'll go right away to the Continent
Why don't you go to your father?
You must try and forget all about me
And you?
I shan't ever forget you,my darling
Good Bye
No,don't kiss me,I can't bear it
Go away while I don't look
Is everything all right,Daddy?
She is not coming back to Littleton
Why don't you go out and say good bye to her?
Me?
All right,daddy,if you like me to
You? How did you get in?
I was waiting outside for my father
You were? Were you?
Frightened he might decide to stay,eh?
Of course not
He fetched me from a party
and told me you were not coming back to Littleton
And I wanted to say good bye to you,Arlette
Another good bye,who next I wonder
Please,don't be bitter,Arlette, I know you are very unhappy
Me? Unhappy?
But you wanted to go away with him
You little fool,did you really think I would going away with your precious father?
Of course he wasn't
I don't believe you
What did you think I went with a man twice my age?
And on top of that one of the stupidest and dullest men I know
How dare you say that about my father
There is no need to pretend and tell lies
You were packing to go to Paris with him
That's were you are mistaken
If you look,you will see I am going to Rome
And if you want to know,I shall be traveling on the Rome express
With him
He is a man any girl would fall for
he is clever,interesting and very attractive
Your father set out to make me look the fool
I made a bet to get my own back and now I have made a fool of him
It was very easy
The only person you made a fool of was yourself
I think you are despicable
My hope is I shall never see you again
Do not worry,you never will
Perhaps I ought not asked you to say good bye
I'm glad I said good bye to Arlette
Did she say anything?
Yes,she said
she said you were a man any girl would fall for
Clever,interesting and very attractive
Can you drive as far as Littleton in Hertfordshire?
Littleton?Hertfordshire? At this time of the night?
All right,Captain
You're being very extravagant,Daddy
It's worth it
Helen,darling
I have to go to stop at Rose& Crown and pick my things up
You needn't bother,they are here
Come in
You rung,Miss?
Yes I did
This time it is my swim suit that has disappeared
Skimping in the right I suppose, and where are my tennis shoes?
Would that be all,Miss?
Yes
No
I know I forgot what it was anyway
What kind of service are you
Throughout many years it has been my privilege to serve Mr Tesserau
whom I consider in many ways my superior
I've always endeavored to tolerate his abominable daughter
but I fear without success
I have avoided putting my thoughts into words
I think the time has now come when I may permit myself the liberty of saying
that you ought to be put across somebody's knee and spanked
Hard, furthermore
if it not involved a certain loss of dignity on my part
I would not hesitate to do it myself
Good night
Dignity be blown
This is the end